So if you take away a gun from someone who was planning on killing themselves,
um they will most likely find another avenue thio the harm
themselves. But it may be a lot more difficult. Eso we see different
Even within genders, there are different ways of killing themselves.
Where you see ah man is more likely. Thio use a handgun or something
much more violent where a woman may do something along lines of ingesting
too many pills, toe overdose or something along those lines.
So but it does help. It does. It does keep them, maybe one step away
from it. But ultimately we want to keep them in a safe environment
across the board. We want to continue to have contact with the individual
until they're out of the clear.